Previously on
"Yu‐Gi‐Oh! ARC‐V"...
(Yuya)
Is that...
Jack Atlas!
I Synchro Summon!
Scarlight Red Dragon
Archfiend!
Go time!
(groaning)
(Sanders)
Don't you realize that
everything you do
reflects on me?!
Sanders shouldn'’’t be
riding BB so hard.
Do what you'’’ve been told
and crush those Lancers!
Especially...
that no‐good lily‐livered,
Dueltainer Yuya Sakaki!
He needs to be captured
so Revival Zero
can succeed!
(gasping)
I am losing patience!
If you don't
do as I say,
then, BB... you're going
two‐dimensional!
Me destroy Gladiator
Beast Tamer Editor itself!
(gasping)
So Sergeant now be the one
taking the damage
from crack of
Editor's whip!
No!
♪♪♪
♪♪ Hey hey,
can you feel the power? ♪
♪♪ You vs. me,
competition for the victory ♪
♪♪ I could be the best one day
and make history ♪
♪♪ Swing into action,
are you ready to play? ♪
♪♪ Challenge anyone, anywhere,
any day ♪
♪♪ You wanna take a chance,
go 'head and roll the dice ♪
♪♪ See if it's in your cards,
if you'll pay the price ♪
♪♪ Activate the spell,
let your powers come to life ♪
♪♪ It's showtime,
who will win the fight? ♪
♪♪ I'm ready to duel,
go 'head and make your move ♪
♪♪ I'll win this duel,
you can't beat my moves ♪
♪♪ I'm in that groove,
I know I can't lose ♪
♪♪ Your turn, your tricks,
now what will you choose? ♪
♪♪ Can you feel the power? ♪
♪♪ I'll win this duel,
you can't beat my moves ♪
♪♪ I'm in that groove,
I know I can't lose ♪
♪♪ Your turn, your tricks,
now what will you choose? ♪
♪♪ Can you feel the power? ♪♪♪
You... okay?
Never better.
(gasping)
Shay!
What'’’s wrong?
Please wake up!
(groaning)
Whoa!
He'’’s toast!
(groaning)
Why, you...
Have you gone rabid?!
Why did you
attack me?
(breathing heavily)
BB!
He'’’s lost it!
Sanders pushed him
too far.
Whoa, did you
all see that?
I don'’’t think that
was in the lesson plan!
I knew that
BB wasn'’’t tame
but to suddenly go and turn on
your own teammate like that?
Oh man,
that takes a special
kind of savagery!
The kind Sanders
is always telling us to use!
Although I'’’m not exactly sure
that he meant against him.
I dunno.
He always
told us that in a duel,
only the strongest
should prevail.
It looks like the sarge
finally met
his match with BB!
(shouting)
(gasping)
Wait, BB, no!
Ahh!
Yuya!
(grunting)
Listen.
I know you'’’re mad.
But you can'’’t
let it control you!
What?
(Yuya)
You can'’’t let your
wild side overwhelm you.
I know that deep
in your heart,
you really
don'’’t want to fight.
You wrong!
You know me not!
Yeah, I do!
Because I used to be
a lot like you!
So then Yuya used to
not bathe for months?
Maybe not
exactly like you
but I know why you
built this fort.
See, I know because
it's the exact same reason
that I have my goggles.
It's a way for both of us
to shield ourselves from
the outside world...
a world that doesn'’’t
always understand who we are.
Like how Sanders doesn't
understand you,
so you lash out
because you're sick of him
barking orders!
So then...
BB's wild side is
a result of always
being shouted at
by Sanders?
Makes sense.
And now it
looks like he's finally
taking a major stand!
And Sanders is gonna
get a major beat down!
This could get ugly!
(BB grunting)
Yuya, you right.
You do know BB.
But just because
me and you have stuff in common
do not mean Sanders
walk away!
Me have taken
all me can take!
Now Sergeant pay!
Don'’’t do it!
Do not interfere!
(gasping)
(student)
Yeah, this is between
the sarge and BB!
And only the strongest
one of them
deserves to
fight another day!
That'’’s what we were taught
and that's what we believe!
That'’’s right!
Only the strongest
survives!
Only the strongest survives!
(all)
No, listen...
You got it
all wrong!
Well, those guys...
sound like they need a hug.
Gong'’’s not sure a hug
would solve anything.
♪♪♪
They'’’re right.
Do it!
(gasping)
What are you
waiting for?
You getting
lily‐livered on me?
You know exactly what
you have to do,
so go ahead and turn
me into a card already!
You want me to?
But not before I give
you one final order.
Order?
That'’’s right, so you better
listen up, soldier.
I locked you in
a cage to toughen you up.
My job was to turn a scared
little mouse of a man
into a lion.
And I outdid myself.
I made you better
than any other cadet
this school has ever seen.
You were trapped in a cage,
but you'll be free.
Free to do
whatever you like!
After you do one
final thing.
Show them
you're the best, BB!
Show them you're the best
by beating everyone!
Put that
ferocity to good use!
Defeat Yuya and turn him
into a card!
Defeat Yuya...
The time for action
is now, soldier!
The only way
you'll truly be free
is if you defeat your
enemy, Yuya!
Defeat Yuya.
That'’’s correct!
Now then... quit wasting
time with me already!
Yuya'’’s right there!
Now go
and destroy him!
Must destroy Yuya!
(BB)
Me must destroy Yuya.
Only way me
be free.
(screaming)
Huh?
(gasping)
(grunting)
Me return one monster in
Gladiator Beast's Fort
to deck to deal you
1,000 points of damage.
Me say bye‐bye to Augustus,
so Yuya go bye‐bye!
But Yuya only has
a hundred life points!
A thousand points
will finish him!
♪♪♪
(grunting)
Perfect!
With Acceleration
I take no damage!
Nuh‐huh!
Me return Laquari from
second fort to strike again!
You still lose!
Not good!
Need another Action Card!
How about a trap?!
A trap?
(grunting)
By giving up
half my life points...
... Red Gazer allows
Yuya to keep all of his!
Plus, I can summon
a Red Token in defense mode!
Thanks!
I owe ya!
Atlas with the save!
(sighing)
Just like how Crow...
saved all of us.
No!
Not fair!
(groaning)
I can't believe
that Neanderthal
messed things up again‐‐
just pathetic.
You may have
survived this turn,
but you won'’’t
next turn!
When no monsters
in me forts, me can assign
new Gladiator Beast
to man forts.
Augustus,
go right fort!
Laquari, go left fort!
Me end turn!
What happened to turning
Sarge into a card?
Yeah, turn him
into a card!
A card!
(all)
A card, a card,
a card, a card...
That'’’s not what
dueling'’’s about!
They don'’’t
hear you, Yuya.
Their bloods boiling,
and snapping them out of
their fever won't be easy.
They've been barked at for
who knows how long
so words
aren'’’t gonna work.
So sad.
Yeah.
Time to bring them
to their senses.
My turn!
Perfect.
The Tuner Monster
Double Resonator
is just what I need
to kick this duel
back into overdrive!
Double Resonator
transforms my Red Token
into a Tuner Monster too!
Now Jack has
two Tuner Monsters.
I know what's up next!
I'’’m about to put the pedal
to the metal!
Now my Level 1 Red Token
and Double Resonator tunes my
Level 8 Scarlight
Red Dragon Archfiend!
Go double tuning!
Double tuning?
Together these monsters will
call forth an absolute power
destined to
rule this duel!
I Synchro Summon!
Bow down and tremble
in terror before
Tyrant Red Dragon Archfiend!
Your chances of beating me
were zero percent before...
but they'’’re even worse now!
Tyrant Red Dragon Archfiend's
special ability activates!
All other cards on
the field are destroyed!
(grumbling)
Go, Absolute
Power Inferno!
Ahh!
(student)
Look at that fire power!
(all)
Whoa...
(student)
Look at it,
it's incredible!
(grunting)
He got rid of everything!
I'm not sure if Yuya
appreciated that.
Well, Yuya's
a team player, Sylvio.
He'll understand that Jack
had to do what he had to do.
BB is completely
defenseless!
(rumbling)
(gasping)
Now what?
(Sylvio)
Whoa, looks like BB's
hut got an upgrade!
(BB)
When me Gladiator Beast's
Assault Fort blow up,
me can destroy
all my cards to activate
Gladiator Beast's
Great Fortress!
Great Fortress?
Huh.
Doesn'’’t look all
that great to me.
Hey, where is BB?
Not sure.
(BB)
When Great Fortress activate,
me can place all
Gladiator Beasts
from me graveyard inside!
And your
Tyrant Red Dragon Archfiend
lose its special abilities!
(snarling)
Okay, I take it back.
That Fortress
is pretty great.
But still beatable.
I'’’m glad you think so,
Jack, because to me...
that thing looks
pretty unbreakable!
Well, looks
can be deceiving.
Tyrant, go!
(BB)
Me don't think so!
With power of me
Gladiator Fort,
your monster forced to battle
one of me
Gladiator Beasts instead!
Go, Gladiator Beast
Andabata!
Andabata's attack points
now be 1,000
but grow 1,000 for each
monster me have in fort!
4,000 points?!
(Sylvio)
It'’’s stronger than
Jack'’’s Dragon!
(BB)
And when your
monster go bye‐bye,
Gladiator Fort blast you
for 500 points more damage.
So that mean you lose!
I don'’’t think so!
By banishing Red Armor
from my graveyard,
Tyrant Red Dragon
Archfiend isn'’’t destroyed!
(snarling)
(grunting)
Me Gladiator Beast
returns to me Fortress now.
Jack... you lucky
you no lose.
I end my turn.
Jack, are you okay?
Don't worry
about me, Yuya.
You just handle your
own business.
You got it, Jack.
(Yuya)
I've faced bigger
obstacles than this.
Well, maybe not this big.
But you know what?
The bigger the better.
'Cause that'’’s what makes
duels so much fun!
Here goes!
I draw!
Just what I was
hoping for!
Okay, Jack!
Hope you'’’re all buckled up!
'Cause I'’’m about to
bring the wow!
(all gasping)
Ladies and gentlemen!
I hope that you're enjoying
the show already in progress
but now get ready to
enjoy it even more!
What'’’s all this?
It'’’s a duel,
not a show!
Since there are
no monsters on my field...
I'm now allowed to activate
the spell card
Performapal
Pendulum Art and Clean!
And as you can see,
I've now got a lot of
white
that's about to
go out of sight!
Now, by negating their
abilities,
I can summon some
Level 1 Performapals
to help add some color
to this duel!
All these Performapals are
allowed to attack you directly!
This is what I call
the art of the duel!
Looks more like vandalism
if you ask me!
Mm‐hmm!
You're just green with
envy, Sylvio.
(all gasping)
Okay, everybody,
that'’’s enough!
Let'’’s all huddle up now!
Huh?
Yeah?
You wanna join us?
Okay then...
then get on out here!
I summon
Performapal Hid Hippo!
And now, Hid Hippo,
show us one of your
hippest moves!
Attack BB directly!
Is he nuts?
BB's gonna shoot out
another Gladiator Beast
to intercept the attack!
A Gladiator Beast that's much
stronger than Hid Hippo!
(BB)
Go, Gladiator Beast Andabata!
And Andabata gains
1,000 attack points
for each monster in fort
for total of
4,000 attack points!
Whoa there, Andabata!
There's no fighting
at this dance party!
Why fight when you can
sashay your bootay instead?
(snarling)
Talk about some
movin'’’ and groovin'’’!
Awesome!
But hold on!
I'’’m not done yet!
Next, due to
Art and Clean's effect,
Shieldrummer can
attack directly!
Go!
(BB)
You still no learn you
can'’’t attack me directly?
Stop that Drummer,
Gyzarus!
Only 3,000 attack points
this time?!
That's right,
because there'’’s one
less monster in the fort.
Oh, I didn't attack
to hurt you.
I just wanted more
guests at my jubilee!
So instead of
busting my monster,
they'll bust a move...
instead!
Odd‐Eyes Unicorn,
why don't you find yourself
a dance partner too?
Go, Laquari!
Don't think so!
Guard Dance's
effect is still tapped
which means these guys
get to tap dance!
Next, Gongato
wages a direct attack!
Go, Augustus!
Its attack points
didn'’’t grow!
'Cause there'’’s no more
monsters in his Fort!
(Yuya)
You know what I say,
why duke it out when you
can dance it out?
(Gong)
Yuya still has
one monster left‐‐
Pararhino!
(Sylvio)
And BB doesn'’’t have
any left in his fort!
So Pararhino can
attack him directly!
And Yuya will win!
These silly
moves of his...
They'’’re working!
Now do your thing,
Pararhino!
Attack BB to win this!
Yeah!
This is all over!
(BB)
Yes.
Over for Yuya.
(BB)
You thought me had
no monsters left,
but me still do!
Because when you attack me
directly,
me allowed to summon
Gladiator Beast Noxious!
Aww!
I thought that this
dance was over?
What a bummer!
(Yuya)
It's not a bummer.
It'’’s a boogie!
Me stopped all five of your
monster attacks.
Now you can't
attack me no more.
(laughing maniacally)
Really now?!
Just wait!
(gasping)
What go on?
Battle over.
So my monsters should
return to Fort!
But me no see my
monsters anywhere!
(groaning)
What the deal?
(gasping)
Why all this crazy?
Hey!
Quit playing '’’round!
Come home!
Me seen everything now.
Sorry, BB,
not everything
I'’’m afraid!
I activated Guard Dance
from my graveyard!
By banishing this card,
control of my monsters
switches with yours!
Not can be.
Stop!
What doing?!
Hey,unhand me!
Me take that back!
(groaning)
Me no like blue!
No laughing!
Paint not funny.
C'mon.
Chill out.
Life'’’s too short to be
grumpy all the time.
Duels are supposed to
be about having fun, BB.
You can crack a smile every
once in awhile.
Take a lesson
from my monsters.
They'’’re having a blast!
Dueling isn'’’t about
winning or losing.
It'’’s about having
the most fun you can have!
Have fun...
So we've been
dueling all wrong?
Like I told you
earlier, BB,
you and I
are a lot alike!
So I know if I can enjoy
dueling, you can too!
(grumbling)
There's a whole world
of fun outside your fort,
and your monsters are waiting
for you to join the party!
Performapal Hid Hippo
bids you adieu
to activate
Performapal Pendulum
Art and Clean's effect!
♪♪♪
Wow!
Amazing!
What a spectacle!
Colors make me no want to
hurt people anymore.
(Yuya)
Now all our monsters
bid a fond farewell!
You fool!
By destroying
your own monsters,
Great Fortress's effect
will wipe out
the rest of your life points!
I think it's time
to make a student
out of the instructor.
Great Fortress
only deals damage
when a monster goes to
the graveyard.
But Yuya's monsters
are Pendulum Monsters,
so they'll go to his
Deck instead!
Ugh...
All right, Yuya, time to
bring this duel to an end.
The finish line
is dead ahead,
so wrap this up.
Even the best of
shows must end...
so, BB...
Me know.
Due to
Great Fortress effect...
me now take 500 points damage
for each monster
that was destroyed
and go to graveyard!
Me lose!
Yuya... me sorry.
Sorry for pain me
cause.
I know you are, BB.
But now...
you can show the world
your true nature.
My true... nature?
Yeah.
By helping people
that you meet in life...
and not...
turn them into
a card.
Still... for them,
I believe that
there still is hope!
I'’’m sorry!
It was the beast in me!
Curse you, Yuya!
You've
tamed my beast
and turned my students
into a bunch of
starry‐eyed turncoats!
But mark my words,
Duel Academy
will get its revenge.
The Professor will
see to that!
No, let me go!
Unhand me!
That's an order!
The Professor will send
reinforcements.
Yeah.
Which means we'’’d
better get a move on.
There'’’s no time
to waste.
Go do your thing,
Yuya!
Yeah, go save
our friends!
Once this lughead mends,
we'’’ll find you!
Okay then... I'm off!
C'’’mon, I'’’ll show you
the way out!
Sis...
You just stay here, Shay.
I'’’ll go find Kite‐‐
I know he'’’ll help!
(Doctor)
Hmm...
These fools think they're
disrupting our plans
but little do they know
they're playing right into them,
and with every student
under my control...
they'’’ll wish
they never dared cross us!
(laughing maniacally)
(Declan)
We meet again, Yusho.
I hope you've had time
to realize
that there's only one way
to get through to my father
and that's with force.
Well, I still believe
I can get through
to your father
with words and not war.
You greatly underestimate
my father, Yusho.
If we are to stop him,
we must bring
the fight to him.
(Yuri)
Or to me!
Unless you'’’re too scared
to have some fun!
(laughing maniacally)